update verbiage to align with marketing (#4125)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.2/write-data/replication.md

title: Replicate data to a remote InfluxDB instance
weight: 106
description: >

>   Use InfluxDB Edge Data Replication to replicate all data written to an InfluxDB OSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use InfluxDB Edge Data Replication to replicate the incoming data of select buckets to one or more buckets on a remote InfluxDB instance.
```
Same fix as above here. Not all data needs to be replicated.

>   bucket to InfluxDB Cloud or a remote InfluxDB OSS bucket.

Author: ditto edit line 6 removed ^^

  - /influxdb/v2.2/reference/cli/influx/replication
---

> Use InfluxDB Edge Data Replication to replicate all data written to an InfluxDB OSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use InfluxDB Edge Data Replication to replicate the incoming data of select buckets to one or more buckets on a remote InfluxDB instance.
```

Author: thanks, @samhld, re including all the "targets" via the v2 api.... the way I read this doc heading "Replicate data from InfluxDB OSS to InfluxDB Cloud" is targeting a Cloud bucket specifically. I agree we should document all the ways moving forward that are supported. lmk if I'm missing something about your suggestion here.

> bucket to an InfluxDB Cloud {{% oss-only %}}or a remote InfluxDB OSS{{% /oss-only %}} bucket.

Author: I see @sanderson intentionally explicitly clarified:
"or <replicate> a remote InfluxDB OSS bucket" for oss docs only."

Is there a reason not to clarify this @samhld (like no longer accurate)? thanks!
